A} PRIVACY POLICY

TabTik respects the privacy rights of its customers and protects the personal information collected, stored and used in connection with Tab Tik Games products, services and websites (the “Services”). To further this commitment, we have adopted this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to guide how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us.

I. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information submitted and collected through the Services. By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not install, use, register to or otherwise access the Services. Tab Tik Games reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued used of the Services will signify your acceptance to the changes to this Privacy Policy.

II. INFORMATION COLLECTED

Personal Information
To access the Services, Tab Tik Games may collect information about you, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. The types of personal information collected in conjunction with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The requested Personal Information may include, but are not limited to: (i) your name, (ii) mailing address, (iii) telephone number, (iv) email address, (v) photo or other image, (vi) credit card information, and (vii) location. Parents or legal guardians providing parental consent (via our Parental Consent Form) may be asked to provide their child’s name and email address in addition to information about themselves. You may choose not to provide certain information, but in doing so you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features.

Non-Personal Information
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Non-Personal Information” means information that does not directly identify you. Tab Tik Games may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain Non-Personal Information that does not directly enable Tab Tik Games to identify you. The types of Non-Personal Information Tab Tik Games may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, unique device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier (“Device ID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and approximate location; (v) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements; (vi) other Non-Personal Information as reasonably required by Tab Tik Games to enhance the Services and other Tab Tik Games products and services.

Cookies
The Services may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects and web beacons. Tab Tik Games treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal information. A “cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites often store on a user’s computer. Cookies do not include people’s names, email addresses, or other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to shop online and login.

III. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

Tab Tik Games may use your Personal Information to send you messages about our company or our features, products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary, unless you have not consented to allow Tab Tik Games to use your data.

Tab Tik Games also may use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, both individually or combined together, for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, for customer support and technical support, to manage and provide the Services, and to customize content and layout of the Services.

Names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events and the status of orders placed online.

Tab Tik Games does not sell or rent your Personal Information to third-parties for marketing purposes without your consent. Tab Tik Games may share your Personal Information you provide with Tab Tik Games subsidiaries and related companies. Tab Tik Games may share Personal Information with business partners that assist Tab Tik Games in providing you services. Tab Tik Games is committed to giving you the choice whether or not Tab Tik Games uses your information for marketing purposes or shares information with business partners.

Third Party Data Policy

Some ad networks automatically receive and tracks certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, installed software and language preference) or desktop interface, your taps and interests; and may create a unique device or user ID for you. In some cases RBL can automatically detect or infer your location using GPS, your IP address, watermarks and/or Bluetooth, but often your operating system will require you to grant RBL permission to access your GPS or Bluetooth settings; please refer to your device’s system settings regarding location services.

IV. COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION

The Services comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Tab Tik Games does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Services. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Services or in connection with any Content or Software, Tab Tik Games will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that Tab Tik Games receives personal information that Tab Tik Games discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, Tab Tik Games will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.

V. SAFEGUARDS

Tab Tik Games maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the personal information we collect and store about our account holders, including children under 13. Personal information collected by Tab Tik Games is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible by authorized employees. In addition, our online store uses industry-standard encryption to prevent unauthorized electronic access to sensitive financial information such as your credit card number. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control (i.e., maintain data quality). Before we allow web users to access their personal information, for example, we verify their identity by requesting that they submit information such as their username and password. We also take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer personal information provide sufficient protection of such data.

VI. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES OR SERVICES

You should be aware that the Services may from time to time contain links to third-party sites, products or services. Tab Tik Games is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites or services. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the site or service to which you link before you submit any personal information.

VII. ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION

Tab Tik Games makes good faith efforts to enable you to review, update or correct your personal information in Tab Tik Games’s possession. In order to do so, please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at mobilemagicgames@gmail.com. Tab Tik Games will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request, and also to assist us in handling your request. Please note that even if personal information is changed or deleted according to your request, Tab Tik Games may still retain some of your personal information to resolve disputes, enforce Tab Tik Games user agreement(s), and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Services.

B} LEGAL TERMS CONCERNING OUR BETAS PROGRAM

I. There will be no rewards and/or compensation for participating in the beta programs.

II. All decisions taken by Tab Tik Games Private Limited and/or their representatives related to the beta are absolute and final.

III. Filling our questionnaires does not guarantee you a spot in any beta program.

IV. All the betas we share with you are for your feedback only

V. You will not disclose any information related to any beta to any person, institution, group of people, and/or organisations without the express written permission from Tab Tik Games Private Limited

VI Any material, software, information, media or any form of communication made with you during a beta with us is the property of Tab Tik Games Private Limited (unless explicitly mentioned)

DISCLAIMER

All trademarks are the property of their respective owners and we make no warranty or representation in respect of them.
